feat(datetime): isDateEnabled to enable/disable specific days (#24898)
ionic-team/ionic-framework: core/src/components/datetime/readme.md

See https://date-fns.org/docs/format for a list of all the valid format tokens.

> ## Disabling Dates

Author: Added per-framework examples. Let me know if it would make sense to rip out the code snippets at this level. The goal was to document a few common use cases. Possibly those should be handled per each framework though. Playground would be ideal here.

With the `isDateEnabled` property, developers can customize the `ion-datetime` to disable a specific day, range of dates, weekends or any custom rule using an ISO 8601 date string. 

The `isDateEnabled` property accepts a function returning a boolean, indicating if a date is enabled. The function is called for each rendered calendar day, for the previous, current and next month. Custom implementations should be optimized for performance. This function is called often, so any extra logic should be avoided to reduce and prevent jank.

```html
<ion-datetime></ion-datetime>

<script>
  const datetime = document.querySelector('ion-datetime');
  datetime.isDateEnabled = function(dateIsoString) {
    // Write your custom logic here
    return true;
  }
</script>
```

> ### Disabling a specific date

Reviewer: The three below examples are backwards; they'll disable every day *but* the ones listed in the comments.

See https://date-fns.org/docs/format for a list of all the valid format tokens.

## Disabling Dates

With the `isDateEnabled` property, developers can customize the `ion-datetime` to disable a specific day, range of dates, weekends or any custom rule using an ISO 8601 date string. 

> The `isDateEnabled` property accepts a function returning a boolean, indicating if a date is enabled. The function is called for each rendered calendar day, for the previous, current and next month. Custom implementations should be optimized for performance. This function is called often, so any extra logic should be avoided to reduce and prevent jank.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `isDateEnabled` property accepts a function returning a boolean, indicating if a date is enabled. The function is called for each rendered calendar day, for the previous, current and next month. Custom implementations should be optimized for performance to avoid jank.
```

We already said how often the function is called, so the part I removed was redundant.

```html
<ion-datetime></ion-datetime>

<script>
  const datetime = document.querySelector('ion-datetime');
  datetime.isDateEnabled = function(dateIsoString) {
    // Write your custom logic here
    return true;
  }
</script>
```

### Disabling a specific date

```js
isDateEnabled(dateIsoString) {
  const date = new Date(dateIsoString);
  if (date.getUTCFullYear() === 2022 
    && date.getUTCMonth() === 0 
    && date.getUTCDate() === 1) {
    // Disables January 1, 2022
    return false;
  }
  return true;
}
```

### Disabling weekends

```js
isDateEnabled(dateIsoString) {
  const date = new Date(dateIsoString);
  if (date.getUTCDay() === 0 && date.getUTCDay() === 6) {
    // Disables Saturday and Sunday

>     return true;
>   }
>   return false;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return false;
  }
  return true;
```
